Hollywood, California, The Nerdmelt Theater, and Meltdown Comics, the 200th Harmontown
is now in session. Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden, everybody.
Can we bring out Rob or do we bring out Dan first?
Let's bring out Dan Harmon, the mayor, and let him make that decision.
Scoping, I got a scope in my pocket. Scoping, periscoping, millennial media, there's no bounds.
Souls are lost, but highways are bound to enrol. Problematization, publication, new immigration, and I'm scoping. I'm not scoping, I'm scoping, I'm scoping, I'm loping with you.
Periscope, what do you do? Periscope, Periscope, looking up to the world from the submarine of privacy, waging war on the Nazis,
the U-boats, with their stockades, I mean blockades, I mean shockade, drink the shockade. Periscope, Periscope, looking up to the Periscope, looking up.
Periscope, Periscope.
It's incredible. Dan, it took us 200 episodes to find out that you were a great rock and roller. We've been doing bad rap for a long time now.
It should have been Jordy White from Manson and from Perfect Circle. What else do you got? What? Let's do our 200th episode theme.
Alright, so you got something a little slower, a little more ballady.
I usually ask our friends to make music for us for it to be a little bit more driven. Let me see here.
This is by Johnny Polanski, good friend. Is that going to work for you?
Is that going to work? Yeah, you can just keep holding it like that.
The thing is, our friend Titanic and our friend Jordy, they have all kinds of slow music I didn't put on there because I never use it.
Episode 201, no I'll be in London, but episode 203.
Remember how great episode 199 was? We're covered.
Was I here? Yeah, I was here.
Isn't it weird because it feels like you're showing people things, but you're filming them. It makes you feel like you're a game show hostess.
You just turned a woman in the front row into your creepy webcam lady.
Yeah, you have a look of utter distaste in your face right now.
Alright, so we'll sing the 200th episode song later.
Alright, well let's talk about...
Alright, we're going to stop Periscope down because you can watch us at Harmontown.com live for free.
It says please don't stop this.
Don't listen to them.
But now that they're going to be typing and they know that you're not going to be listening.
But they're all talking to each other, they're all seeing it, right? Are they all seeing each other's scopes?
These people are just hardcore periscope fans.
I've never seen this before in my life, I'm kind of excited.
Hey, NT, how's it going? We're NT right in the front row, Hammer.
Yeah, that's some 200 episode shit right there.
Is that going to be upside down now?
It'll be fine.
There, now stop complaining.
Don't these periscope people know that tonight is the only time it's free to watch the live stream?
They love periscope! You don't try to dictate how people see stuff.
That's why people have failed to monetize the internet. You don't understand.
But Shroff, if you love bacon, go to the pig.
You don't just...
What if Schrab never actually came out on stage?
What if he just stood there the whole time?
Those of you not watching Shroff is lurking, he's buttoning his shirt, he puts some glasses on.
I think he means business.
He looks a little angry.
He looks like he might be... is there something in his mouth?
He's rolling his sleeves up.
Again, we're making podcast history with all this visual gags.
Alright. He only rolled once, leave him!
Well, come up and sit down then, I guess.
I'll stand!
The people behind you paid ten dollars.
To look at my ass.
I'm going to sit next to a fence.
Let's get another chair.
I feel a little embarrassed because it feels like Rob expected there to be more of a hoopla, just from seeing him.
So that's why he had to just start buttoning and rolling things.
Because he was like, shit, what do I do?
I thought standing, oh, for sure, just for appearing.
He came over and he was behind the pillar, most of the crowd.
You don't know what I was thinking.
He doesn't even have a chair.
No, no, Jeff, I got this.
You didn't know what I was thinking.
Everything went exactly the way I wanted it to.
Exactly the way I wanted it to.
But it doesn't matter because we're all in a simulation.
As confirmed by Elon Musk, a hero to probably all of my listeners.
Didn't he just say that there's a chance that we're in a simulation?
No, he said there's a very, very slim chance we're not.
And that we probably are in a thousandth simulation deep inside a simulation.
We're probably one of the things a chess computer thinks it might do before it decides to make its real move.
We're probably not even the actual fake artificial thing that's going to happen.
We're probably a hypothetical algorithmic exploration of a possibility.
You think the chess algorithm, deep blue or whatever that was,
when he was playing whoever it was, Spassky, who did he play?
Spassky.
It was Kasparov.
Do you think that when the computer is like,
okay, I'm going to go through the motions of thinking about my next move,
but should I just tell them?
Yeah, I'm the more advanced.
What does that change anything?
How does that change anything? I still got to go to work in the morning.
How does that change anything?
But it's a simulated job now.
Like, it's nice. I think it's an improvement.
I would rather think of myself as entering oblivion,
having taken part in some kind of artificial man-made or lady-made lady.
I mean, if they're advanced enough to simulate a universe,
there could be women working in computer science.
I'm just saying man-woman versus man-in-lady.
I'm classy.
I may be a feminist, but I still have my charms.
Who wants to go for a free drink at a woman's night?
I'm like, I'm going to fuck you on the floor
and leave with your boyfriend's Porsche feminist.
I'm a casino royale feminist.
I'm a feminist in that I will let you...
run your tears down my washboard as I emerge from the saltwater ocean
with my diamond-hard nipples poking your eyes out.
Our bicentennial episode, your rock and roll,
you're kind of a tough kick-ass...
Kind of a tough-on-the-ladies feminist?
It's a new thing.
You know who else was?
Bond fucking Jovey.
He told them, I'm a cowboy.
He didn't mean literally,
he meant I'm not going to call you back.
And they were like, thank you.
Because I'm not always just into relationships.
Sometimes I just want to fuck Bond Jovey.
Why do you think he was wanted, dead or alive?
What did he do?
Did he rob a bank?
Because he rides on a steel horse.
Oh, is that illegal now? The death penalty?
For riding on a steel horse?
Shit.
I got him back to back.
Now those sentences, dead or alive.
It's not a highway, it's not road legal,
but his steel horse.
He didn't have a helmet on.
I think what he meant was that he's wanted,
he feels like a piece of meat.
It's like when John Lennon said,
the way things are going, they're going to crucify me.
It's like when you're at the peak of your rock and roll-ness.
Back me up, Spencer.
Aw, yeah.
Aw, man.
Aw, shit.
I feel bad now.
I feel bad.
We feel bad.
We feel bad now.
We feel so bad.
I don't know if you guys know the difference
between backup and interruption.
No, I do.
We don't.
I totally don't.
Right, yeah, no, we get it.
I think he's just saying like,
I don't think people even care that I'm a human being.
That's what he means, wanted, dead or alive.
I think you'd want me even if this next song was bad,
you know, like that is the Cobain thing.
It's like, I don't even know anymore.
I went and saw Bon Jovi a couple of times for some reason,
and when he came out on stage,
he came out on stage and I was sitting next to a woman
and her daughter, and the woman was probably like,
I would say maybe late 40s.
And the daughter was, you know, 18 or 19.
Or whatever.
Like, the woman was, somebody whistled,
that's good.
So anyway, I'm fucking him.
And I mean, Dan, I mean,
Bon Jovi style.
On a steel horse.
Maybe the woman was a little bit older than that
and the daughter was also a little bit older
because neither of them was primetime
Bon Jovi fan age.
But the daughter was there to see the band
because she heard about him,
because the 80s was coming back, you know,
like for you people.
And I was talking to the mom.
She's like, I didn't even know this band.
She plays him, she loves him.
When Bon Jovi came on stage,
she was like a young girl at an Elvis concert.
It was just, she screamed as much as anybody there.
That was amazing to watch.
Like, whatever you like or don't like about Bon Jovi's music,
he's got great blonde hair and he's got just,
he's just buns.
It's all about buns.
If you haven't rock and roll Dan, great hair, buns.
His hair is in buns.
If you put his hair in more buns,
that would be amazing.
If you put this hair in one bun.
Is he back?
Well, I'm a periscoper.
I'm going to shut you down because
you can watch it at harmontown.com live
and you've probably figured out
how boring the periscope could be by now.
There's like five cameras on the other thing.
Stop being so sluggishly periscope-
Sorry, audience.
Scopophiles.
They're admitting they're in a submarine.
They're in a tube in the bottom of the sea.
How do you, oh, stop.
I thought you hated social media.
She knows how to work it?
You just don't like it.
She just resents that it knows how to work her.
You know?
It's from a societal perspective.
It sounded sexual.
This is why they went like, whoa.
He's giving her the green light.
But you know what I meant.
I meant in a David Bowie way.
Which is never sexual.
We're in a simulation.
I think that's about it.
That's such bullshit, man.
Don't scientists make fun of
religious people for having ridiculous beliefs?
It's so stupid.
There's magic people all around.
They get back to life.
What about the gnomes?
We're in a simulation,
but there's no fucking gnomes.
If we were simulated right now,
we would have some talking gnomes
in the backyard.
If we're in a simulation,
we should be mad that we're in a gnomeless,
dragonless simulation.
We got stuck in a shit simulation.
I think you guys should be stoked
that we're in a gnomeless, dragonless simulation,
because you know what that probably means.
That it's closer to reality,
which means that we're the simulation
that may prove that it's possible
to simulate a reality
from within a simulation.
We could really butter our bread with this one.
We could be headed for the major simulation leagues.
They could bump us up
to a thumb drive
that they sell in their best buys
in their weird alien world
where women are equals.
All right. Our next guest...
Yeah, I'll take a chair.
All right. Our next guest
was peeing while we were
talking for the last five minutes,
but right before I was going to bring him up,
so let's bring him out. Now, Rob Corddry's back!
Yeah!
I'm going to sit
in a chair like a normal guest.
Yeah.
Rob, you're taking a big liberty.
You're...
You're exercising a liberty
over there.
I think Rob is such a director
and so completely
conniving and Machiavellian.
I think he found a camera here in our mix
that he really liked. I think he knows
he's being hit by Spencer's cam.
And he's in a sexy two-shot at all times right now.
I wore this red plaid.
That's why you entered from stage left
or stage right. That's the only shirt
I ever see you wear.
I know. It's my default shirt.
Either that or my default
jacket that goes over my default shirt.
Do tonight feel like a default
shirt kind of event, Rob?
Our 200th episode?
Rob, grab a microphone.
Yes.
Oh, grab a microphone?
Jesus Christ. You want me to be louder?
This is... Dan, this...
fucking ship is sinking.
I know. It's fucking...
Norman Lear was here.
It's not my 200th!
It's not my 200th show!
If this was my 200th show...
This isn't my 200th show!
It's your 200th show.
I'll wear a fucking tuxedo on my
200th show!
Hey, I wear a...
But you won't have one!
Right! Because you...
I hosted. You feed on me.
You feed on me. Yes!
You'll never get rid of me!
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm going to be right here
right in the corner of your eye
for the rest of your life!
Mocking you!
Rob, in 180 episodes,
I want to see your tuxedo.
Oh, yeah. I got one.
I got a couple.
I got one for each arm.
Come on.
Dan?
Dan, I want to apologize to you
because in the weeks that I've been away,
your shows have been excellent.
Oh, thank you.
Norman fucking Lear was on this show.
And...
God, I wanted to be here
just to wrangle...
I felt like, oh,
my job, if I was there,
would be to wrangle Schrab.
Right. It would be to...
Yeah, I would have to wrangle it.
You won a little out of wine for that one.
No, I was so nice. I feel like...
I was so nice in that one.
What are you talking about?
There was a couple times
when I was yelling at my radio.
I was like...
Schrab, Schrab, Schrab, Schrab, Schrab.
And I was making a hand gesture.
Oh, yeah.
You listened to Good Rob?
Thank you.
Never!
Hey, Dan, ask Rob a question.
Like, just talk to Rob for a second.
Yeah, ask me how my week was.
See how that's...
Yeah, just ask him how my week was.
I'm doing a little
controlling experiment over here.
It's like asking Donald Trump
if I'm a loser.
Like, I don't know.
I don't know.
If he had anything to say about himself,
or whatever.
Schrab, how was your day?
It was pretty good. I was working at the office.
And...
you know,
I never did it with a Red Bull.
My tongue is feeling
very...
very sensitive right now.
And then...
Yeah, that was pretty much it for today.
All right.
I slept in these clothes.
200 episodes!
Yeah!
I think...
Jeff's trying to prove that
the camera...
Spencer was the only one on that shot
the entire time.
Yeah.
I'm not here.
I feel like I'm being back-controlled right now.
I think you're trying to sneak-attack
undermine my controlling authorities.
Because I come out...
You did not!
I come out stage left
every show.
Every episode, you had to come out stage right
and sit down at the opposite side of the stage
as me.
And I feel like I know exactly what you're doing.
Okay.
I think this is real.
All right. Well, okay.
If it's a simulation...
So...
So I want to know...
I know that...
I ask the question, you know,
are people watching me jerk off?
Is anyone watching me jerk off?
And...
Yes.
Those people you pay every morning when they come over to your house.
And I asked Cody that.
And she said, why would they watch you
when I'm in there?
They're watching me.
But I don't think they would be watching me
for pleasure or even for just like, oh, look,
he's drinking off. But I feel like
they might be watching me for like,
just like, look how dishonest he is.
Like, look how...
I look how much he really thinks no one's watching.
You think maybe like in the simulation
that whoever's watching us,
you might be like a...
One that they're like, this is a special...
Like a puny pie.
Where our camera is usually pointed at this dude
because he exhibits
a lot of very fascinating behavior.
Yeah, like I'm Michael Scott of the simulated
Dunder Mifflin.
All right.
I'll buy that.
I'm worth it. I just think they'd be making fun of me.
But what do you guys...
I believe all this, by the way.
So, by the way, since it's our 200th episode...
I heard you wrong.
Thanks, man.
Go ahead and...
I guess maybe if you...
Well, I don't know.
Hashtag any questions
or questions
that you have for Harmontown at its 200th episode.
Tweet...
Tweet
At Jeff Bryan Davis.
Is that your Twitter?
Jeff Bryan Davis, Bryan with a Y.
And maybe hashtag it...
Snuggle, but...
I don't know.
You don't have to hashtag anything.
Maybe some short hashtag.
Hashtag hot cues.
Hot cues?
Hot questions.
Hot cues.
Jeff, can aggregate your questions
if there's any good ones
and things start to slow down
at any point on this episode.
Hey, I'd like to...
I'd like to open that up
for anybody who wants to hashtag me, too.
Just to help out with the show.
You can hashtag me if you want.
Hashtag me.
It's like the show has just become
about how I hate him.
Yeah.
He's throwing a line in the sand
with his whole...
So far, all I'm getting
is a lot of new followers.
It's better than my Teen Wolf people.
Apparently, Teen Wolf
going into season five, you guys.
We did it.
Do you know about Teen Wolf
and my thing with Teen Wolf?
The guy that created
not the movie, the TV show
and MTV that I've never seen.
The guy that created it is named Jeff Davis.
So a good percentage of my followers
love and hate me
because of this TV show.
So I'm frequently fielding
sex commands and death threats.
Horrible.
Okay, well, you know what?
Who would win in a fight, Dan,
between Rob Schrab
and Rod Cordry?
Hashtag hot cues.
It's not a good question.
It's not going to help the show at all.
Maybe Spencer should take that question.
That's more of a Spencer question.
I don't know.
Uh, Cordry definitely looks
bulkier right now.
Look at you, man. You got muscles.
Look at this guy.
He doesn't look like he's eating
right in weeks, you know?
I hear he's a vegetarian now.
Just come on.
I don't know. I'm from Boston.
I do have bad ads.
I've been punching the face a lot.
And smaller
Bostonians.
Is all he eats.
Listen to it later.
We'll try to dig out my audio.
I saw him
in the
storefront tonight.
It's our 200th episode.
He's been a big part of our mythology.
He's come. He's gone. He's been around.
I don't know if it's going to
pick things up. Give us a new scapegoat.
Just drive things all the way into the ditch
and bury us with our own shovel.
But if Adam Goldberg wanted to come up
and pay a visit.
Yeah!
Oh, no!
He's exactly as I pictured it.
Sorry, Twitter hashtaggers.
This might have to go on hold for a while.
Oh.
Time for the hot cues to meet the hot A.
Adam. Adam Goldberg.
That one's been cooking for a while.
That was perfect.
That was the perfect delivery.
The timid.
The barrel breach.
Got some gunpowder in your eyes.
I don't even know.
I looked aside as you shot it.
I know the show has gotten changed
because people are like, I miss you.
So you guys have to have done some.
Well, I'm back, y'all.
We've had some bad episodes.
Yeah!
How you been, Adam?
Good, good, good and pretty good.
Good, good and pretty good.
It kind of trailed off towards the end there.
Not that good.
Not five good.
How's your spine?
That sounds rude.
It's fine. I finally stopped being on
Terrible Reality Show.
Wait, no, that's not true.
I'm actually producing a movie in Ireland,
which is...
Yes.
The subject of the film is currently
not able to talk about script development
because her car was destroyed by an ex-boyfriend
who blew it up due to IRA nonsense.
So that's my life.
That's my life.
So in your short time in Ireland,
you've actually...
Oh, I'm not going over there yet until that gets settled.
I thought you reignited it by going over there.
I thought you somehow...
I was like, really? I thought that was over.
That's why they kicked us out in 950
because it's like, if the Goldberg's coming from this,
it's like, we'd rather have the snakes.
Adam, what do you think happens after we die?
Oh, man.
I guess we reboot.
I don't worry about what happens after we die
because I know there was a lovely time
in our history before I was alive,
and I figured we're just going to the other side of it.
I don't think we're in a matrix
inside of a matrix inside of a matrix
because that just took a really good movie
and ended up with Morpheus
stabbing people with a katana
on top of an oil tanker.
Well, that's just...
But we might be able to make good matrix movies
in 10 years.
It's time for a reboot.
There's so many unanswered questions in the first place.
If we're in a simulation,
do you think people starting to say
I think we're in a simulation
is, A,
the goal of the simulation,
B, a corruption
of the simulation that will have to be
terminated with immediate...
whatever the opposite of the big bang is,
a big suck?
Do you think that it has anything
to do with the concept of a simulation?
Or is it just a byproduct?
If the simulation didn't want people
to know it was a simulation,
Rene Descartes would have said,
I think, therefore I exist,
and then died of a nosebleed in seconds later.
Why?
Because he thought, oh, the only thing I can know
about myself is that I exist,
because someone has to be able to say I exist.
And then he got into the idea
of this weird malevolent ghost
and therefore God exists,
and then they kicked the Jews out of France.
That was him?
No, not...
It wasn't not him.
I think, therefore, I'm Christian.
Careful.
What, are they going to kick us out of NerdPel too?
Is there a Jean-Paul Sartre in the house?
Adam Goldberg.
I was asked somebody here on hot cues.
Dan, they still have a great question.
Let me answer that.
Normal.
No, beige?
I would have looked this.
What about that right there?
Those are lines from the weight of my chips.
It's not a line.
It's a glistening line of sweating.
It does have the sweat in it.
It's a boot sweat.
Yeah, I do.
Let me look.
Okay, Spencer, on our side,
we're getting a lot of beige
with like a dark red beige element to it.
Spencer, what color are they from your...
I'd say they're like a dark beige
with like a dark red beige element.
The secret's just like...
The normal looking nipples.
Yeah, I'm just really sorry
about the whole sweat thing.
I feel terrible about that.
No, it's...
I saw a line of sweat and I laughed and I...
But I'm using it as an opportunity
to send a message to the young people
that they don't have to be body shamed.
You know what? It doesn't matter
wherever you sweat, you sweat, and I'm sorry.
You say body sweater, body slam.
Body...
I do want to do an Instagram photo of me
with my sweaty titties.
I was thinking about you being on Mooch of the Boom yesterday.
Dressed as Jareth, and I thought I heard the word body slam.
Dan, what's with your underwear?
What's with your underwear?
Show us your underwear, bro!
Hashtag hot kids!
Turn around! Turn around with your...
Look at this!
Did you...
Those are great underwears.
Do you escape from...
Why did you leave for a hundred episodes?
I don't think...
I don't think this is the sponsorship
that they had hoped for, but those are my me undies.
No, they're definitely me undies.
I hear they're the most comfortable undies in the world.
They are very comfortable, but I don't think
I'm doing them any favors.
Do you want your distended lower gut
to be summonable like Beetlejuice?
Say me undies three times and...
Watch the sparks fly.
No, they're very...
They're quite comfortable.
It's almost like cheating.
Dino always said that civilization peaked at dessert
because we were like,
okay, so I'm eating and I'm not hungry
because it's helping kill me.
We definitely like was all downhill from there.
But I think...
I guess I would...
It still sounds like it'll hold true,
but a good other candidate for the peak would be
men's undies starting to get real...
Real panty-like.
Real technical.
Real satin-y.
Because it's like now it's just like,
well, what about me?
How come I can't feel like...
A soft little kitten when I'm working.
At work the other day, I had to wear a dress.
Congrats.
That's my job.
Sometimes.
But it was a real hugger.
And there was
five different pairs of
underwear
hanging in my trailer to try on with the dress.
You know, to not show
lines.
To lift and separate your balls.
My huge, huge...
And
I tried on all of them.
Undulating.
Because I don't know anything about men's
underwear and there's a whole world out there.
There's a whole wonderful world out there.
It's not just like pieces of fabric
shaped like...
I can tell you, all the five brands I tried
were fantastic.
It was one of them.
Andrew Christian, something like that?
Because my ex-girlfriend, we were on
Palmer Springs and my ex-girlfriend Kate,
I didn't have a bathing suit and
we asked around like, what's a good place to get a...
A bathing suit? A gating suit.
Dr. Freud, a patient for you?
The place is called
Gay Mart America's Favorite Gay Superstore.
And they have
awesome bathing suits in there, but they also have
the most absolutely
compendious...
There's aisle after aisle, row after row
of complicated
men's underwear. And guess what?
They feel good. They feel great.
They feel fantastic. What are you rockin' right now?
I think...
I'm just wearing kind of
boring Calvin Klein boxer briefs right now.
Laundry day tomorrow? I'm traveling
tomorrow, so all the good ones are in the bag.
I hear you.
How about you, Adam Goldberg?
I just...
Boxer briefs seem too tight, but I've never been
like, oh, my underwear is uncomfortable.
Not since, like, I've moved up from
the tighty whiteies around age nine
to be like, well, this is really holding
me back. I feel if I bought...
I feel if I bought one pair of meundies
lower the enjoyment
I get of all my non-meundie underwear.
Yeah, that's the goal of nice underwear, people, is to try to ruin you
on your faves.
It's the base heathenism level of underwear.
But also, you gotta think about, because I'm gonna be
on a long flight to London tomorrow,
and you gotta think about, I can't wear the snug
sexy ones, because that's gonna be too snug and sexy
for a long flight, but you can't wear
the kind of bloomery
boxer's ones, because those are...
Right up on England. Oh, they're terrible.
Terrible. Cotton...
Bunchy... Like, Haynes? Forget it.
You're fucked. You're fucked.
Fuck you, Haynes.
Hashtag, fuck you, Haynes.
Hit me with a Twitter question.
Better be a good one. Hot cues.
All right, well, I haven't been
looking through this.
I got a hot cue for you, Jeff.
Adam? Oh, sorry.
I wasn't yelling at you. Adam?
I have one if you want it.
Are you still on with the Adam question?
No, no, no. I'll go to Adam next.
This is fucking... Now we're cooking.
This is a great show.
You can ask a question, Rob.
You don't have to tweet at Jeff to ask a question.
Jeff, will you...
I was gonna ask another question, but someone just said
right now, Scott Sweeney asks
Jeff Bryan Davis,
Dan, will you make the ruffle low kissy face?
Hashtag, ruffle low soldier,
hashtag hot cues. What's the ruffle low kissy face?
The secret is he's all...
I think. I've never done it in a mirror, but...
That's exactly it.
That's the spotlight seduction.
He's fucking so interested in all the
pedophilia, but not interested in it.
He's interested in exposing it.
I have a question.
I have a question for Chris backstage.
I'm assuming it was Chris's...
No, who makes the banners?
Someone asked,
where did the hot cues banner go?
Apparently there's a little banner beneath us.
I didn't know we had that technology.
It's really taken off, guys.
It's a meme.
With the show, it'll explode outward.
We can show people's tweets and answer them.
I could say, look at this. I took a picture of my dog today.
It'll be great.
Goldberg, did you...
Did I hear a rumor that you had
some kind of quiz?
I had a quiz.
I think this is...
If we have any super fans in the audience.
All right.
Yeah, Cordray's a super fan.
Cordray raises his hand for the people.
Did we ever tell...
Now I can't remember if we told the story,
because I've asked you if we told the story.
We never have.
Your wife and kids and you,
but you were working most of the time
in Bollard country.
Your wife and kids and therefore sometimes you
were living next door to me without knowing you.
Next door to you.
At one point, you were trying to get on
Wi-Fi.
At an Airbnb,
there were French rappers.
You referenced French rappers living next to you
at an Airbnb.
It's in one episode.
I was at this Airbnb and it was right near my house
because we lived very close to each other.
And I was trying to get the Wi-Fi
and I didn't get it from my wife.
And I looked and it said,
Harmon Wi-Fi.
And I was like...
Yeah.
I got to change my password from Dan.
I was going to text you
and say, what's your password
for your Wi-Fi?
It's not a good story.
That's a great story.
Oh wait, no, the best part of the story is
do you remember the episode?
This is a great 200th episode, by the way.
Do you remember the episode where
you got your neighbors up here
to talk about the trees?
That was a good episode.
Get rid of this shit, your pants.
What kind of trees were they?
What countries?
Kind of trees, man.
Shit.
Eucalyptus.
What countries were they?
Anyway, eucalyptus trees.
There was this whole thing.
It's my favorite episode.
Where you...
This woman...
You read your tweets with your neighbor
on this stage.
Oh, that was the best.
With the eucalyptus trees.
And when I saw Harmon Wi-Fi,
I like...
I looked out the front window
and there's one eucalyptus tree
splitting
the yard between my Airbnb
and Dan's, what I know now
is Dan's is the front yard.
And I was like, that's the fucking tree
that Dan won't cut down.
That I won't even have looked at.
And the neighbors are asking questions.
That you've forgotten about since that episode.
Well, they're very important trees
and it's rotting and you should take care of it.
I also have an
embroidered cross-stitch
thing that's that a fan made
that's framed that I wanted to give to Beth
because it's an embroidered
plaque, you know, like bless this mess style
kind of thing. But it says
in a weird way, Beth, that tree
can totally suck my human dick.
And it's like very, very nicely done
and I was going to give it to her
to hang on her wall.
I don't know why those two...
Why she wasn't like a regular on this show.
You should have had her back every week.
Maybe because she's so nice.
I don't like...
That's healthy.
Maybe people aren't as interesting
after their first appearance even if they come back
literally dozens of times.
Hey, man.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sure that's a phenomenon.
Fuck you, Goldberg.
That's a milestone for guests.
I thought he was trying to
find a loophole for giving himself.
I was trying to get a laugh.
Goldberg, did you have a...
I got some cues, but I don't want to
get too jazzed about winning, you know?
So if you get it right, that's cool
and if you don't...
It doesn't matter.
We're not having fun.
There's an exit there and an exit there.
I think people thought this was a quiz.
It hasn't started yet.
We're just having fun.
A lot of people on Twitter are calling this a hot quiz, too.
They want it to be an actual quiz.
Also, there's been hot jizz, hot sniz,
and a lot of stuff that's been quite mean
and quite friendly.
And also, I want to punch up so many of their jokes.
Yeah, you're really a hot wizz.
A lot of people are like,
I would have read that one if you just switched those two words around.
So close.
Rob, this is probably the best question.
Go ahead.
Jeff predicted that there would be
an episode 200 trivia question
for two points. What was the question?
Jesus.
Or for one point, I can say,
oh, man, oh, man.
Well, I don't know the
questions.
Anyone up here know the question?
Okay, so on episode 100,
you said that's going to be on the episode 200 quiz.
These are really surging.
We have a hand waving out there.
Uh, yep.
What? Dan likes pippin?
Dippin.
Dippin is the answer to the question,
which was Dan's favorite desert island
foot sex move.
Okay.
My favorite shoe play.
What's dippin?
If I had to choose between dippin and heel popping,
I would choose dippin.
Has the foot fetish
movement evolved? Are those still the core?
Yeah, what's going on with that?
How's that evolved? What's going on?
What's doing with your foot thing?
The Pantios challenge has gotten harder.
Hey, hey, yeah. Hey, what's up with
that foot thing?
Hey, come on, man.
Tell us a little bit more about that foot thing.
Yeah.
I catch us up.
I'd love to share as much as I can,
but it kind of impedes the privacy of my
beautiful footed girlfriend.
Call her Miss X.
Somebody tweeted it. It's way back down the
list and I don't know the name of the person
that tweeted it. Asked, will Cody ever be
up on the stage and in the show?
Well, she's not one for the spotlight.
I mean, as easy
on the eyes as she is.
Congrats.
Lovely woman.
She herself, the human soul that she is,
is not like a performer.
She gave up her voice so she could walk on
land with humans.
So the tosy witch hurt it every time.
She put it in her words.
She loves attention.
She loves attention as much as anybody,
but she likes unconditional attention.
As soon as it starts to get conditional,
she doesn't have the stomach for it.
I don't understand that.
Well, yeah.
Some people are going to hate my guts
and tell me to kill myself with fire.
No, in for a penny.
Just need that attention.
And then other people are like,
yeah, I'll take it if it costs me anything.
And she's one of the latter.
So, you know.
No?
I'm not going to make that choice for her.
I don't think she's going to go like,
no, she's not going to come up on stage.
She's not that type.
Massacist.
Where are you from in Boston?
And if I said, Cody, do you want to come up on stage?
She'd be put under pressure.
And then if she came up, we wouldn't even know
if she wanted to.
No, if she wanted to come up, she'd be right there
in the window and she's not so cool.
Okay, great.
Cody, do you do your thing?
Don't worry about it.
We got it.
Go ahead.
Somebody asked, this is a good question.
I like this one.
Jeremy Hibis asks,
Sounds right.
Hot cues.
Has Dan put anything in his butt
since the first episode of Harmon Chow?
It's a good question.
Not really since the Sharpie
that I put in my butt.
That wasn't even during Harmon Chow, right?
That was a story that happened before Harmon Chow.
We all put something in our butt
a long time ago that we were just
giving that a whirl.
We didn't take it.
Or maybe we do.
You put something up your butt and you were like,
this is great.
You put more stuff up your butt and you are good people too.
You know that
Great Proops is podcast's smartest man in the world?
One of his sponsors is Me Undies.
We're not getting a nickel for this.
Great Proops is getting all that.
He's getting sweet 35 cents per click.
And those Me Undies, man, when you put them on,
it feels like a second skin.
Yeah.
It feels like a delicious manta ray
wrapped around your balls.
Save it for the actual sponsorship, man.
Oh, sorry.
I got a sizzling cue for you, Jeff.
Give me a hot cue, Adam Goldberg.
How did you get associated
with Lucha Vavum?
Did they contact you?
Do you have any great stories about Lucha Doors?
I had a lot of great...
Lucha Vavum is one of the coolest things
that I've ever involved.
And I just had mutual friends
and they... Blanca Patch is a buddy of ours.
Yeah.
It's a hilarious comedian, Blanca Patch.
And he and people like Dana Gold and some other friends of ours
would rotate through with him.
And I just managed somehow to kind of be
like the secondary host a lot in that show.
But being...
When my friends come to the show,
what the show is, if you don't know it,
it's straight up part of Full House.
Fuller House.
Like Lucha Doors
and then Burlesque Triptease and Comedy and stuff like that.
It's very well. But two shows ago,
sitting right to where I left
was Morrissey. And he looked like Morrissey.
He looked bummed out the whole time.
Because you don't really think of Morrissey
as a fun time fellow. He's a creep.
So he's a weirdo.
But he looks great, he looks like Morrissey,
but a little bit older, but he still looks groovy.
And then when the first mini comes out,
the first little person, because some of the wrestlers are little
and some are quite big,
he has the happiest guy in town.
And I kept...
Blaine and I kept sneaking over
and taking selfies with ourselves and Morrissey.
And Morrissey's like...
That's all he needed.
All of Morrissey's cred was out the door.
That's all he's been waiting for.
I haven't had a dream in a long...
Um...
Ligents!
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
It was great. We couldn't get over it.
Blaine and I are like...
Frequently, when famous people come,
we will say, oh, so-and-so is here.
You do that Vegas thing where you say that,
oh, we got, you know, the guy from this band that you love
and the woman that directed the movie that you love.
And we're like, do we...
The woman that drank in the movie that you...
Directed the movie, get the shit out of your ears.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And I would say, don't ever interrupt,
but that's what you do.
The horse is out of the gate.
Exactly.
No, I feel completely lost right away.
200 episodes.
And I don't even know what the fuck it was.
You dressed as Jared.
Oh, yeah.
Blaine and I were like, do we do it?
It's getting towards the end of the show.
Do we rumble Morrissey?
And then we said, hey, everybody, Morrissey.
The crowd would freak out because...
I don't know if you know this.
A lot of Morrissey's fan base is very Latino,
especially in Los Angeles.
A friend of mine in the bar was asking somebody,
he likes to come bro and he goes, dude,
I got five Morrissey shirts.
That's a real conversation that actually happens.
It's true.
It really is a thing.
They're the most delightful stereotypes
in the fucking world.
That and Tweety Bird for some reason.
I love stereotypes that make no sense.
Tweety Bird and Morrissey.
Tweety Bird loves Morrissey.
I saw Tweety Bird, he was wearing a Morrissey shirt.
It's amazing.
But we're like, do we do it?
If we tell the room here
that Morrissey is here,
it'll be an avalanche of people.
Because, you know, he's like their main man.
And he was hiding kind of in the shadows.
And right before we were about to pull the trigger,
he could just sense it and got up with his whole entourage
and just slipped out the side.
Like, well, way to go, Morrissey.
Really?
Morrissey'd that one, didn't he?
I don't belong here, said Morrissey.
Slipping out.
Going out the door.
I don't know what he sounds like.
I've only heard Morrissey impressed.
I've never heard Morrissey.
His song is kind of monitoring you.
I was like, oh, every song is on this note.
And every verse is on this note.
And remember this note.
Remember this note.
Different note, effect that note.
This note.
Every song is the shittiest songwriter.
And I've listened to some Morrissey songs
that I can kind of dig.
But the problem with me and Morrissey
was I was the right age to be in high school
with people that were in the Morrissey
were just a bunch of assholes.
Who's specs?
Not like the cool high school that I have.
Well, now apologize to the Latino community.
And it ruined...
And get specific about...
And by alcohol for?
All right, Goldberg, you got another...
I got another hot quiz, some hot goss.
It's called the hot cue, man.
Oh, sorry.
This one's pretty tricky.
I got the five episodes...
Oh, four. Let's make it four episodes.
I don't think Dan can put them in order
by air date.
So these are going to be the four episodes.
First, wide.
Grumble snakes.
Complete access to air.
And live at the Gramercy New York Comedy Festival
2015, night two.
All right, well, complete access to air is last.
Working backwards from that.
We'll see you next time.
Complete access to air is last. Working backwards from that
would be wide.
And then the one that's not the Gramercy...
Or no, then Gramercy and then whatever one's left out.
So it would be grumble snakes,
wide,
live, complete access?
Wait.
Grumble snakes,
Gramercy,
wide...
No.
This question is boiling.
It's so hot.
Grumble snakes,
Gramercy,
wide,
access to air.
I want someone to get four new pets and name them those.
I mean, grumble snakes.
The actual order was grumble snakes,
wide, live,
and then complete.
Aw, shit.
That was a good...
Okay, now Dan, can I combine...
Can I combine two hot cues?
Two hot cues that go great together.
Okay, now the hot cues,
just to get the terminology down,
you're asking the hot cues off a Twitter.
Off a Twitter.
Because they're sizzling hot,
they're coming off of Twitter's griddle.
Twitter's griddle.
Goldberg is asking kind of like
best served cold quiz questions.
Yeah, they got it.
They've been warming up on the counter.
They're pet cemetery flashbacks.
Let's do one more Goldberg hot quiz
and then I think we'll take it back to the hashtag hot cues.
What about the two cues that went great together?
I'm with Spencer on this one.
What about those?
Goldberg's cues, these are hot cues.
Goldberg's are hot cues that got hit by a car
and their dad buried them
in a Native American burial ground
and now they're back, but something's different.
Alright, now.
Two hot cues, Dan.
Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff, you acted like you were...
Yeah, they were so good.
I got you.
I felt bad because I was actually enjoying
the hot quiz and I felt bad for trying
to railroad back into Native American.
We can do both.
These cues might be so cold by now.
I think we might have a thousand hotter cues,
but these are the ones I've seen.
I'm going to combine two.
I'm going to get this name wrong.
At R.I. Jerk.
Rijerk, Rijerk, Rijerk.
Ask something along the lines of
when are you going to make this show funky
beats?
But I'm going to combine that
with a hotter, more recent
off the Twitter griddle cue
of
Joel Spielberger.
Was that somebody we had in the show before?
Joel Spielberger?
Didn't we have him on the show before?
I'm just combining them.
I didn't make Jaws, I'm Joel Spielberger.
I'm going to combine Rijerk's question
of when am I going to drop a funky beat
so that Dan starts making the show funky with...
Are you sure you didn't say funny?
Funky?
With Joel Spielberger's question
which is would you ask Dan
to do Iced Tea
explaining the simulation?
And I believe Zac McKeever
back here, our sound tech genius
extorted in there has a beat by one of
our loyal harmonians, right? Harry Foster?
Let's drop that beat.
Alright, Iced Tea explaining the simulation
in a rap.
Boy,
yo
right about now
it's time to get serious
not that I'm ever not serious
but there's a thing called the simulation
and you can't see it when you're standing
in one place, son
because it's all around and the sound
of voices being simulated
so fuck you
simulation in your ass
yo
there once was a boy named
John sitting on the
front lawn
selling cracks rolling like that
what a fuck your mama's pussy so hot
she had a heart attack
I gotta come down from that
kinda surprised by my own
flow
back to the simulation
and then not much rhymes with that but
I'm not gonna sound like Iced Tea when I rhyme
and when I rhyme I don't
sound like Iced Tea that much
and when I sound like Iced Tea
I don't rhyme well
but I didn't sound like Iced Tea since the beginning
of this rap but
it's not personal, it's business
that's my
not gonna do it for Iced Tea
it brings me back to the impression
look at the split
simulation
not personal, not gonna do it
Iced Tea Nation
the simulation is causing fascination
why? is it the matrix or are we a battery
well that concept don't work thermonuclearly
yo
you gotta take it to the spot
fuck your mama so hard and she got hot
your friction now that makes a charge
I fucked your mama like my name was
Aldebarge
why?
it's time for the Rob Schrab Rihanna hook
Rob can you sing the hook
simulation
it's not real
it's not not not not real
simulation
I can't declare any envy someone
the second matrix
the second matrix one doesn't
then there's under Alicia
your mama
fed
ized like Dr. Rouch
expert in sexuality
simulating everything it's not reality
IE her pussy so good it aint real
this a simulation that's how
she feels she combs too hard
To make it life. I fucked your mama sharp as a knife, but that uh, that's don't mix those images
That's some seven shit
I love the ladies around the street. I love the hot dogs made of all kinds of meat
Simulation and it tastes good. So if you had a simulation wouldn't you
Just skateboards are fun
Ice cream television dinosaur stories
Everything about this world is great. So plate-to-plate. You're gonna go across the nation
There's nothing to hate cuz I'm having good times and swimming in pools if there was a simulation
It would have three rules rule number one love iced tea rule number two. It's all about me
Will number three. I made your mama pee. I fucked her so hard. She can't even see
I'm so glad we're all here right now
Can we give a please tell me we were recording I
Started the show saying that you're that you were about it rapping good at rock and roll. No tonight. You're good at everything
Does anybody here then anybody here bring a cello
Can we get a little side-assist for Zac McKeever laying down the beat from our friend
He was mixing with you live and doing like that doing like that like that's the thing
I was gonna say is it like Zach Jack Jack drops the audio on the rhyme for the rhyme
Yeah, and that's like the equivalent of like that's like the makeup airbrushing of you know, like that's that's a big deal
Like that's like the that's like the foundation, but you but it was like you both knew it was gonna happen at the same time
And there was a couple rhymes in there that I think are gonna last for a while. There was a
There was a lot going on that way that was heavy. Um, I'd like to give special mention to the elder barge reference
Because Dan's references like mine are frozen like before 89 and wait wait wait, what were what were ice tees rules?
Love iced tea rule number two. It's all about me rule number three. I made your mama pee
I fuck it's so hard your mama can't see
Oh my god, I kind of wish I wasn't here right now
I wish I wasn't here. I want to be listening in my lonely Miami apartment
Shooting that weird show go all alone in my underwear and I jump up
cheering if you if you had Wayne Brady on the stage, he would have been like oh fuck
I put it out here. Yeah, I would get out of here. That was really good. Oh, wow
It's a great worm wasn't here for that. You could have done the hooks and what a great 200. Wow, we really did it
So it would be okay for the rest of the episode to suck
You can just fucking hey, hey, what are we gonna do for another fifty-three minutes? Hey, here's comes
Hey, fuck it up
Like a reverse
What did it why is he man? He just had a real big moment. Don't worry Rob. He's not real Rob
What did I do in the Norman Lear episode that was I thought I was in really good. Oh my god 20 minute improvised card trick
You can't improvise a card trick. You didn't even have cards. You made people make you cards
That's what I do. That was before it even came out. Exactly. You don't open for fucking
Okay, okay Dan the Beatles Dan Daniel then it's okay
We've we've talked about this Rob. What did I do? What did you come on?
Did I do that was so bad? All right. I was really nice. I've always been nice nice to you. Oh
It's been nice to me. We're good friends. Yeah, I know this is not I
There was a couple of episodes where I was like
Shrom I I thought it would be a good bit to tell you the truth
Yeah, I wish I was there my bit right now would be to tell Schrab to shut up
That's that's actually what it was probably would be helpful
It'd be a great bit, right? We go shut up. Hey Robert
Robert
Go ahead Dan
Yeah, that'd be funny, right?
We could still do that
A lot of you're stay if you're not being if you're not
Feeling it. No, but if you're quiet, you're not like
I'm only gonna scold you when I feel like you're scaldable
Thank you because that that's what'll make the bit really. Thank you. Thank you
Thank you. That would be a real good idea if somebody would do that for a change
When I deserve it Robert
I
Yeah, see we're just testing out the bit
I missed a hot cue while that was the world's best rap was going on somebody somebody pitched a mid
World's best rap thing that there should have been wolves in there
Suspenser could have come up and we'll fight during that rap
Different animals coyotes are different wolves. I could not take on wolves. Oh, it's coyotes. Let me be real clear
That was certainly one of the highlights
I wish we could do a clip show that would be like Johnny Carson would do because that would be one of the clips would be Spencer
demonstrating how he would it is 9-11 and it's a 200th episode
It's time to talk about politics
That that disaster reminds me of another that the the the the but yeah, Spencer demonstrating
You know how he would fight off a a a gang of coyotes
He's using only a backpack and his feet
That he added he had figured it out
What would the concept of our clip show be what would we well that there would be that clip and then there would be like
Oh, we're all stuck in the nerd milk Nerdmelt attic
And we have to keep warm by remembering things about arm and down. Oh, right. You actually had a really really good concept for clip shows
That's why I'm asking. Yeah, well, I think that's a pretty good one
You could do we're cleaning up the head that mr. Meltdown. It's like you're about to clean up the attic
Did I name myself mr. Meltdown itself fulfilling prophecy? Oh god
I feel like I should be just a whole montage of Anatoly's shirts. Yes
Yeah, we're watching Anatoly's posture change from like Yakov Smirnoff to fucking like like
I'd Dracula like where he was just like his feet were up at the back of the stage
Resputing
Enti is here. Yeah, but it is kind of like my girlfriend. She's not well. Yeah, she's kind of like my girlfriend
But I won different and he's also kind of similar to my girlfriend and that you're not much of a showman
I'm just saying like I like to I'm big fan of the show and I I like connecting with people that I've heard their names
And you're one of them and what do you come up and just sit just for a second
So, you know me I didn't mean to do it. I do know you. Oh, I do know you so you started coming coming pretty early in the run
Oh, oh, yeah, like four years ago. Do you always we've been doing it for four years four years
That was one of the guys when I met kind of cold. That's why I met Adam and Spencer. We only do 50 episodes a year
Yeah, yeah, we do we do less than 50 a year. That's pretty good. That's good gotta be away. We can push that envelope. I know
What does Marin do? I was just thinking we we've lost there's Dan Dan 53
Fuckin isn't this like episode 204 or something technically?
Oh
Jesus was
No
Spencer
Celebration of the equinox you guys killed the shadow people. It was great
Yeah, well, do you mean that because we did a several episodes before we actually started now
There's just unreleased episodes. Oh, there are unreleased episodes is one where I got super duper drunk and probably coked up and like announced
My return to community you're admitting you do coke now like way before I was supposed to I think we I think I don't think we played
We should have had a lot more on aired episodes, by the way
Yeah, there was one where I went into a lot of detail explaining the whole Chevy
There's there's episodes that you haven't aired because you were they were that
Oh, I really want to get a hold of those
Well, I listened to because we were gonna release them at one point the last episodes
But I had been through so I'd like I had to go through a lot of my personas like like I had to come around to the realization
And the internet had to become the internet became everyone's life
There was a point when the internet was just a place where people kind of huddled even after it was only nerds
It was still then it was just like social misfits and it was always there
I'm just sounding defensive, but there was a there was a point in the in the internet's existence where it was still kind of
It felt okay to just sort of expose yourself or whether I wasn't like famous
It's not really like like like so I would like write blogs about like like like my friends and what they were doing
I would never do that now because it's like it feels like ever since you weren't so aware that other people were
human
Looking at you. Yeah, not reading it. I don't know people were like
I was like aware of days of my my space like it was like oh and your wildest dreams
Someone would find this written on this coconut that you threw into the ocean and oh sure enough
There's there's my friend Kelly Oxford. She's she's she's she's responding in the comments and we're friends because she's one of the
Few people reading or the all my friends are reading. It's like there's 600 people reading your my space blog
So you're kind of like gossip girl in terms of like what you're saying. I'm assuming she gossips. I don't know
The the but then that and then you flash forward to like the Chevy Chase event, which was like I
I still I wasn't trying to put that on the internet. I was play that was before we started podcasting
I was playing it into the microphone here. I thought you know dumbly like like just let's just enjoy this for a second
And then one person was like yeah, you just enjoy it for a second
But and then and then I was that person here tonight. What if that person's it? Why don't you stand up?
It's Nick. Let's bring up Chevy Chase. But then I was like, oh, I'm affecting other people's lives
I have to stick to talking about myself. I can't remember why we were talking about this
But what was the point? Oh, no idea. I yeah lost episodes because so there's a lot
There's last episodes where it's like I'm talking about community and I'm talking about Chevy Chase
It was like with the community thing. It was like oh the fans are like they're getting bumped out every time
I open my mouth. I just want to like like don't want them to be touched by my
thing, you know, and then
That sounds like a penis. I mean they're already trapped in a van with me the least I could do is not following
And then the Chevy thing obviously it was like oh Jesus. Yeah, I've done enough there
So but but but in that episode I do explain explain like what happened
I think it's the actual episode where I played it. That was it was recorded. It's the last episode
Because we never had a podcast again. Anyways, I just read it on the internet episode
We go by itunes counting the episodes that we upload. It's our 200th episode. Yes, Spencer
So Spencer, what do you think happens when you die you what happens when Spencer dies?
What?
What happens when you die you stop living do you have any insurance is what he's asking? Oh
Is there it's just a bloody long-term pet probably oblivion, right? I don't know
Hey, why why think about that? They got so much other shit to worry about
What you're worrying about I'm I'm writing or I know you know working on Harmon quest coming to see so I
Love that attitude. I don't care about death. I have a TV show. Yeah
I'll worry about death when I stop having a TV show. It makes sense. That's literally what happened
That's why he went on tour. I'm sure I'm sure King Ted didn't call for the pyramids to be made like during some big battle
Like like like you should kill those people and enslave those Jews and at the exact same time build giant pyramids that everyone can see
The whole time I'm sure he was like there's no more Jews to enslave. What should I do with them?
What if you had one of my tomb was a fucking city?
What if you had to navigate by all right Dan hot hot cue from Andrew Sprogue a
Sprogue at a Sprogue hot cues kill Mary fuck Rob Adam enti kill me
Well, I'm gonna which rom I assume it's Rob
Don't know. I wouldn't be so sure about this. I'm gonna lay my own bed on this week
I gotta say it's Rob. Be careful. Well, I'm gonna fuck enti because yes, because he's he's sensitive
And he's like he's gonna know how to like we're gonna agree. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna escape it
Like you should not have gone with this little damage as possible to each other
Oh, no, we're gonna we're gonna we'll figure it out. We'll communicate on an emotional level and we'll get through it
It's gonna get weird
Get and then I you know Mary Spencer because he drives me to work every day. I don't I don't think I was it was Rob
It was wait, what do you mean? Oh, Adam Goldberg?
Oh Jesus, yeah, yeah, what are you gonna do, Dan?
What are you gonna do? Yeah, Dan?
I thought this is all so easy. It was Rob Adam enti. What are you gonna do?
You Rob Adam marry one of us. Okay, we're gonna marry one of these people. I'll answer that question in one second Spencer
Will you marry me? I
Hope I can buy it to the wedding this time
All right, all right, so I so so then I okay
I should back into this with like who I'd kill like the thing is like if I kill if I kill
Okay, yeah, well should kill Goldberg and then I
Don't want to climb up all those and then I'll still I'll still fuck enti because when I used to I don't know
I just feel like enti
I don't know if you know like I feel like we could get through it and we wouldn't have to like
It wouldn't have to like ruin our lives
Yeah, like we could be like like like we'd be like remember when we fucked it anyway like yeah for that thing where you had to
Either fuck me or kill me
Yeah, I do remember that I feel like thank you for and you're like no, thank you
Like all right life is weird. Yeah, cheers
And then so then I I guess I'm married to Schrab
Yeah, yeah, I do
All right, so Dan never marriage is easy
Dan
Mary kill they never had they never put up the
Pastry's got Mary that's like pre Anglican church. You have to stay married stop it. Yeah
Not cool. I feel like they just make the third movie purge movie fuck Mary kill no people being presented with that
You should have got the next question. I'm in it. I'm man. I have to admit that I didn't go anywhere. Oh, senator
You can't hide in your house all night
I'll kill someone I'm wearing a rabbit mask and draped in an American flag because levels
I'm wearing a clerical collar because is it religion killing more people than all the wars in the world think about it
Just think about it a little bit. Let's move out in Goldberg everybody
I always leave him wanting more
Hey, he took NTC my fucking seat
It's he you got your seat right where you are baby, you're saying right now I
Mean if Adam could do 40 like 50 minutes you can do 20
It was worth it though. Just to get a glimpse of Street Tough Entie for a second
Oh, that was a hard fuck. Oh, you took my fucking seat you Goldberg
Didn't didn't expect that from you. All right, Dan somebody asked that where is this one?
I don't know who said it someone said fuck Mary kill Jeff Jeff and Jeff, but I'm gonna add what order
Well, I mean you'll be easier to marry after you're dead
I
Would be easier to fuck after I said it would it would well. Yeah, but
Just kill me then fuck marry me. What if I yeah, but what if what if fucking you could kill you?
What if someone could fuck you so hard?
It's so satisfying. You just you would die of pleasure. You just said that you fuck wait a pussy with a knife
I wait a minute. Stop that. I
Want Rob stop it? That's your dad in every episode now. No, no
Don't make me turn this podcast around
All right, Dan fuck me kill Rob Schrab Rob Corddry Rob Schneider
That's a good one
That's a good one. I know who you're killing
Because I've seen Korky whatever that's that's not the one
I'm gonna kill Chris Katana and fuck him after he's dead
Well, I think both he and Rob Schneider if they're listening might just have killed themselves. Yeah, you're like, yeah, okay, all right
Uh, yeah, I'll kill Schneider because I don't know him and and so then I'm marrying I
Got us I'll marry Schraban. We know again. Yeah, we could we could figure it out. You're from
I got it all figured out
We're gonna do a couple Apple teenies. I know exactly how I'd fuck you
I get the house when you're married to Rob. Do you think it's gonna be any fucking while you get the house?
Get the house I get the house. I get the house. I get the house
Auntie what do you what do you feel like you've either learned or unlearned after all these Harmontown episodes?
Because it for a while you wisely stop coming like I think everybody's
Like most are you need a break? I took like a two and a half year. Yeah
I mean, I don't know if I learned anything. I've never tried so little to be a part of something
You're already accepted
It's it's just um even 4h needs to have four H's
Okay, now the joke did not land. It's very each like a regional thing. I did not get it
Oh, I didn't get that for each four ages like it's rural. Okay. All right
I mean, what is it climb even though Dave Kline's turn to explain the joke to me?
Right real quick somebody asked the easiest answerable hot cue is Dave Kline in the house. Yes, of course
Yes, so let's bring game plan up for he's been rambunctious. Yeah, it's my favorite
I could be thrown off the stage at any point that's the thing that none of you know, oh
I'll have what he's had and so all I can say before I'm thrown out you're blocking Auntie
Thank you
That's my job I'm in the Rob cordy corner. That's I'm the sheriff of Harmontown
You need to have like a like a white button-up shirt. I'm the sheriff
I think I'm the sheriff of Harmontown
Yeah, David David is no David's just like the guy
In the scene where like as a bunch of people like like hordes men and they're eat like drinking out a big like wooden goblets
And they're eating like turkey legs with their hands. He's definitely a drug dealer in a Broadway musical
Like like like like
Sets a Broadway musical set in a world where songs are illegal
And and and you and you sell out you sell a black market song the drummer from
Was my birth certificate
Is that is that don't don't woe him
Well, is that is that copyrighted because if it is we might have to lift no, that's a freestyle jam
I don't don't step darling. Don't step on your glasses. They fell off. They're right underneath
And lost one. I was I lost one leg in a intimate moment
That's okay, but just don't step on your glasses. Is that what the things on glasses are called legs arms
Okay, they're called arms. All right. He calls him legs
He's wearing a seat cover
He can call that whatever he wants to come they only have two things
I'd rather picture them having legs so that they can run around saying I don't have arms
Then picturing them like pulling themselves along saying one of us
I was real fortunate my first-ever film course ever was with Andrew Saris and he he had a class called musicals and he told us
gentlemen and
Ladies, I have one
Thing you need to know you either know how to choreograph a leg
Or you don't a snap into a slim gym
Yes, the iron sheet come out right after him
Hit him with a folding chair
Dave you seem an awfully good form right now, and I think it might possibly be in charge of this giant can of fosters
Oh, well, uh, I'd like to give a shout out to Australia because
A nation no not New Zealand, but Australia a nation built on the social experiment of the best prisoners and minds
They could get I'm just saying like I don't want to see like a lot of Australia stuff like necessarily
I'm just saying like as America becomes more and more a social experiment
He's like we gotta give some shout outs to the social experiments of your like like like let's put the let's put the
Let's put our criminals in our masterminds on an island
Yeah, because a lot of them were they weren't just like murderers or you know like thugs
They're not a lot of them were in our spies
No, no, no
I agree England made a big mistake by sending Australia all of England's koalas I know because I never got him back
Yeah, oh classic, but they're much happier there
I wasn't it was st. Paddington who led them there, right?
Well with a with his flute of marmalade Paddington bearer Paddington bearer of 1812
I want to apologize to Rob Schneider for thinking he was the guy in Corky
What do I have to do to distinguish myself? Rob Schneider is Rob Schneider is fine. I
Do I have to make a 500th movie?
Yeah
Because I will I'm Rob Schneider
Well, I mean I mean cut his fucking head off
Oh Dave Kline is gripping that microphone so tightly. Well, it feels like the ball of it will smash
I'm only gonna say this
Well, I'm from I don't believe that for a second. No, that's just a lie
I'm from the East Coast and if there's something I'm known for it's definitely my grip
So
So I got a hot cue I got a hot cue. This is for the whole panel
Okay, well, I did when I asked before I forgot you Dave Kline you you your mom was a dancer
My my mother was the leading coloratura soprano at the New York City
She was a singer. Sorry. Yeah, that's correct. She was a verbal mom was a singer. She's a singer. That's right
That's right. She's a muse for the spirits
She was a conduit for all the light in the universe could ever be fucking precisely put in one person's body
That's all my mama was. Yeah, that's right. I know a hundred were you you did you actually go to?
A dance school or was that a machine riff like you were talking about the choreography class or oh
long story short, so I
Dropped again. I went to Jackson. I
Was a I was at the Brooklyn Public Defender's Office trying to like be a social justice warrior and I saw some gnarly
Wait a minute, and I got back to Columbia. That's why he got to Italy
And I went to Italy to follow my folks to do an opera festival
And I saw the glory and light of people that can like kind of put all the darkness aside
Channel the fury of their spirits guys my favorite person in the world
Go for it. I like I don't even know what that means like I'm fucking around with VR and guys that are doing 360
Like I'm fucking around with like fucking Rob Corddry's like a beautiful spirit. I talked to him guy listen
Oh, I gotta say Rob. You're like angry. I can't even handle this guy's so great
All I gotta say man. All I gotta say is Dan Harmon my life changed when I like
When I listen to some spirits in the darkness and all I can say is you're not the only one
But you're one of them and it sucks
It's crazy to say you're a spirit in the darkness man. You're spirit in the darkness
I'm not the only one. Yeah, man. I'm not the only one
There's a couple of them I'm on your side Dave. It's so true man. It's a spirit in the darkness. He's so dark
Robert you sound like you're being sarcastic Robert Robert everybody else meant everybody else up here is being
Honest anybody else meant it. They like my show now. You sounded like you were being sarcastic for a minute. I
You want to what I don't I don't I don't agree with Dave. You just want to bow out
All right, well, thank you Dave
All right, you got a hot cue
Well, yeah, you off the griddle hot cue off the griddle
Oh, people someone asked that I can't find it now who what's game of Thrones house is Dave Kline from?
I mean we could do a list right? I don't want to just
Wilding
He's a wildling. He's that he's the guy with the right
I know we could make one's up like house throttle
The ones you have to back up and go wait what the fuck yeah wait is it oh, they're gonna
Oh, I guess that one scene from the season where there's just like yeah
These is that why is that way the shot of the wall didn't include the elevator going up
Is one of the ones that my my wife has to explain to me what happened three episodes before
You so yeah, Dave Kline from the house rock opera. Oh
Well, I don't know if I don't know how hard you guys are over the game of Thrones
But I'm gonna lay like one thing when that when that
When that red-headed mastermind gave brand of Tarth like kind of a look she gives him a little bit of a look too
No, she would look she looked up. I'm right. She looked bummed out
She hated it. She was not
Hashtag low-level spoilers low-level spoilers
Oh, I'm so sad. Well, you can start about tonight. That guy's not a little extra charm
That guy's not a little extra charm to learn no two weeks
Somebody else somebody else said well this this might be
Because I gotta be honest with you Dave Kline you're getting 50% love and 50%
Not the op not hate, but those are good numbers 50% Oh in my experience those are good numbers
Yeah, you could be much worse. Let's bid him adieu, but one of them is interesting, but it involves
Doubling down on the onstage today of Klein. Oh, yeah, all right
It's and well I can support that. Well, I know you I know that you can man, and that's why I love you
Somebody asked and I won't go back to finance. I've been scrolling up too fast
Someone said can we get Dave Kline and I might even say maybe Dan and you guys do a little duet to some dirty white
Oh, Maryland Manson rock-and-roll stuff. Maybe get a little a little taste of some metal. He's really
I would lay it down for you
I will warn you I will cut this off quickly. This is this is not have to be a three-minute thing
No, no, no, no, let it go. Just let it go
What's the problem? I mean it's a 200. We only got one 200. I'm not even gonna give you a title
I want you guys just to feel it. Let it roll out. Yo, right here. That's not hard.
This is the best out of my life
Fuck Baltair. Fuck France. Whoa, this is America
I'm gonna tell you now what time it is. I'm gonna tell you what year it is. Yeah, you better get in quick
Cause I ain't no front man, son
I ain't no front man
I'm just a height man
Cardi and D if you guys want to jump in this, let's let's make it. I don't know what's going on
Yo, yo, yo, yo, the problem with your raps is the next is too long
Dave Kline everybody
Dave Kline
Wow winter is coming you guys
All right, I mean you can't I I mean, it's
You kind of cut him off right as he started to
Raise the skateboard was hitting the ramp. He was peeking
Like mid alley. I'll let you know when it's your plan's not going anywhere
Yeah, well, I just wanted to hear the rest of I mean, was he gonna rhyme long?
Oh, really? That was, that was a fat finger, sorry
All right, you got to finish on your raps but to jaunty gumption
But same voice
Yo, the only problem with your raps is that the next is too long
Yo, my girl says that the problem with me is that my eyes so long is long
This is a similar evolutionary problem that my friends see
Because everyone that I see is part of evolutionary biology
Taxes
Plate mail
Acts on the wall
Dave Kline everybody
A rare encore we don't we don't normally do encore is here
Fantastic man-o-man
Poor enti
I just I just felt like yeah, I I put in his shoes. I felt I was just going on just a general climax of
Temperature. No, I think you're making good choices. I'm not questioning them. Yeah, look
You're a great comp charlotte if I if the whole audience was made up of Jeff Davis says that would have gone on forever
Simply as you know because I love Dave Kline
Hey, hey, it looks like we're a bar, but we we have nothing to sell here
We're just there's ice over here. Yeah, there's ice over there not a little bit cold water in your drink
I know it makes no sense that the ice would be there instead of the table
I don't know why it keeps the bike over there
Yeah
So rob I what did I the norm? Jesus christ? No, it's not it's not it's like it's not I just want to hear specific
Because I think you provide the show can't just be like fucking you just go like
And then and then somebody goes like oh, you know what he did
And now you're like like wait slow everything stop stop stop the show. What do you mean by that?
That's insane. You can't now do no you can't do that. I just did it. No
I forbid it
You did it, but I forbid it rob rob cordy. It's forbidden
I got a hot cue and if this is putting you down the spot
This is me making up my own jev davis hot cue. All right
We're just kind of based on other why you still looking at your phone because it's based on people's hot cues from twitter
Go ahead. Hashtag hot cues
uh
Somebody asked if we could sing either chicken noodle dick or pringles dick. I wonder if you know the words to those
Do you think you know the words to what is that?
You know pringles dick the song
Pringles dick
What is it? What is that? Oh, do you you don't know it? Yeah, I know I don't help them
Some people come drink. What is that for?
It's for my he's not gonna put it together. I was I was wondering how you're such a fan of the show
I there's there was a 50 50 chance that you knew every word to it. Oh
No, I don't okay. There's no way, but I know what you're telling now
I fast forward over the songs too. Get used to it
That one is that the one that was like to music
Yes, like that. He did it one week in the next week. It was put to music
No, that was robbs because that was yeah, I I didn't add the music somebody else one of our harmonians did that
Oh, that was great. That is there is there a is there a superfan?
I don't want to presume you're a superfan. Maybe you're a casual fan with a photographic memory. Uh
That that one that can crank out Pringles dick for us just uh, you're worried about not being people who have
photographic you want to grab a mic?
Well, because they'll remember that shit man
Forgive me. I've forgotten your name Doug Doug Doug, of course Doug couldn't commit all the way to the floor with the pants
I knew it was going to be hot in here. So yeah, I'm jealous of those calves
So, uh, do you want to give it to us?
What tempo do you want to do you want to do you want to give it to us like upbeat fancy like kicking kicking butt
You want to make it like a sad ballad? Well, how do you want to do this just regular?
Yeah, just give it to us. Some people call me Pringles dick, but I never really found out why
I don't really have a Pringles dick. I just keep my dick inside
I'm so happy. I keep my dick inside a Pringles can because it peeps between his teeth and tries
Some people call me Pringles dick, but I never really found out. No, I never found out never really found out why
Thank you, Doug
Tim thank you very much
There's a time I thought what you're doing here is awesome
And now I'm like, what are you doing? Yeah, what is this all about? What is this movement all about?
The ATF is surrounding with tanks. Yeah, I was like, maybe this is bad
It could be bad. That's why NT left for two and a half years
Yeah, what do you know? Why did you come back?
Yeah, I don't know. You don't have to answer. No, why did why did Kimmy Schmidt leave the bunker? I don't know. I haven't seen the show
Good show
The uh, uh
Well now okay now chicken noodle chicken noodle, uh, yeah, what's happening? I don't even know. I'm not even 100% sure. Here I am
I ain't got a dick. I got a chicken noodle can. All my life
I've been to the can this time a chicken noodle wife chicken noodle guy come down from the mountain
Say chicken noodle man. You got to work all day
Chicken noodle man. You gotta cross the river Jordan feed the devil super to your troubles. Go away. Take a Spencer
Take a Spencer
No, Spencer doesn't remember his special face
You are the most beautiful people on
Swear to god
With the documentary because we wrote that Rob Corddry on and
Is that in the documentary? We we sing that Dan on the heels of
My love of my own song that I improvise called Pringles Dick Dan was like, I want to write a song
So we sat there and we gave Dan peanuts raisins
We gave him all sorts of things and finally we got a chicken noodle and then Dan
Had started started off and he found a kernel of a song
That that song took us like a maybe three hours
I mean hour to write the Beatles took less time to craft. Hey, Jude
And that song is almost like an hour long
But when we got it, we knew that we'd had some you guys nailed it
I've been working on lyrics for the song that I used for my alarm
Uh, it's the it's it's uh, let's see. What's the quick way to go to sounds and then uh
I could look for it
There's ringtone text tone. Do you want me to look for it while you keep the show?
Well while Dan's doing that uh, uh, Spencer a lot of the hot cues are about missing the game mastering and uh,
Oh, fuck you
Here's some fuck cues
Fuck you
Schrab you haven't blinked for about 35 seconds
That's amazing. I know
I don't think I can do it anymore. You don't blink a lot. Do you know? Well, you're not a guy who blinks
You're not blinker. Well Schrab just told me that he took uh, he took some mushrooms from his freezer not long ago
So he might not be linking
I'm sorry
They they they they were probably old and
They probably not they probably probably didn't do anything. Doesn't your mom watch this show?
Her his mom's cool. Yeah, my mom's right. His mom's cool. She's down
Yeah, her mom fucks with that shit
T she put him in the freezer. Yeah, how do you how do you find the thing that you use when you're alarm when you're actual alarm
Is it just in the alarm set because it's not in the setting just take your time
Just take your time take your time
Everything you need is right in this little thing too, right?
Wait, what's the gal in the front row that loves technology, but doesn't like to use it
Can you find would you help Dan? What's your name by the way my alarm sound? Are you the it department?
It's the one that when I set an alarm
Is this what your underwear looks like Dan?
Look at his like the top hat. Look at his pictures. Look at his pictures
Whenever I set an alarm that to wake me up, you know, this is your chance. It uses a
Think it's not available in the uh, what are you doing? Look at his pictures
Just go right don't look at his picture. That's sounds like it could do not look at his picture
Do you look at his picture? You just blew that. Yeah
You had Dan Harmon's phone in your hand. Yeah, okay. That's okay. You can just scrolled so fast through all of his pictures
It's seen some weird shit
So it's I hear you it's this song
You guys know this one
So I try I I'm still working on it. It sounds like a Gary Gary
Wait, okay. You okay. There's not a lot of coordination happening and I don't blame us. We just the alarm again
Okay, like but but but I need to like turn it up. I'm taking it because okay. Yeah turning it up
Yeah, I gotta turn that up. Okay, and then it's
Okay, now I have to I have to let it go a verse because okay, because it's it starts right away
Uh, it goes through the whole thing. Uh, it's gonna come around
So what do you guys want to do? Okay, here we go. So stop don't after all that I fucking missed it
I get a joke about how long it took and now it's like are we it just went into a black hole
But actually it's not true because it what it did is
Yeah
One more time
Yeah, absolutely no noise at all. Let's come on
Let's be serious about this everybody just just chill out for two seconds and we can get this over with only
Let's just get through this just get through this this is gonna be great
If you want them they can play it through the system if that's easier for you. Yeah, play it through the system
Play that through the system. No
Just just like it would go a lot shorter if it wasn't hilarious to talk about it. All right
Let's just do it
Okay, this is gonna be great everybody listen
But a fucking
Okay, I got it on the mic, but I'm gonna put me less on the mic because then you okay
All right, here we go, but I got to start right away. Okay. Here we go. No noise. All right
It's like a spring-loaded trap look. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. Here we go. I'm
I'm creeping when you're sleeping. I'm snooping when you're pooping. I'm
I want you to get this right start it again start again get this right
I have to know
You you realize how high you've raised the stakes now
That first little couplet well, I also don't have yeah, I know it's like well, it's like it's okay. All right
All right, but it's not it's not don't it's not going right. I think I think what I'm waking up in the morning
I'm hearing it different because it doesn't sound like it's working right. It's like it's like
Work it out when you sleep it. I'm cool. When you put oh, it's all right. Sorry. Okay
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Just wait. Okay. Okay. Here we go. Here we go
I'm creeping when you're sleeping. I'm snooping when you're pooping. I'm stealing when you're peeing
I'm all in alley open. I'm I can't I
Now don't applaud it's not don't
I'm sorry. I'll work on it. I'll work on it and
I have all kinds of stuff that I need to do and I'm sorry you need to finish that song for us
I don't even think it's the right melody. I think I think that the one I'm hearing in my head
I can just write an original song. Can you do acapella now that you kind of got the idea?
I just know it should be like like I'm I'm I'm creeping when you're sleeping. I'm snooping when you're pooping
I see you and what you're peeing. I'm and then I and then I need something like like like like like like
Like you know, like like like like like like like I'm I'm flat a mirror in Putin. I don't know
Like I need something like it needs to rhyme with like the why are you saying you still you this is a working progress. Yeah
Yeah, yeah
I'm also like I like like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm loading and I'm shooting because it because it's like also like
The subject is that it's a very pleasant song, but it's clearly about some creepy man who's like in your apartment
I'm creeping when you're sleeping
What's that?
Bear back bear back like Putin. I'm I'm I am where you're drooping. I'm that's gross
Yeah
Does it have to rhyme? I probably shouldn't have welcomed you guys into it
That'd be a lot easier. It's a work in progress. What I'm smelling what you're tooting. I like that. Okay
Smelling but you don't mind the not true rhyme of open and open and then
Oh, yeah, no, I don't mind the not true rhyme. I mind the the rhyme that your soul recognizes as a rhyme
All right, not based on some fucking pedantic horrible. We're Jeff. What happened to you, right?
It's about sound you hear with your soul that with your lexicon. Okay, Jeff
Jeff. Yeah, Jeffery
No
We stop it cordy. We needed you here a long time ago. We just stop it. We need you
What about when are you Tanner the last time? Do you we're out in the sun recently?
Tanner he's balling. No
He's down there with the rock. He's never been tan in my life. You got some colors since last time I saw you
So tan
Look, no, I'm handsome as fuck. I know that
I know that
Cordy
I'm gonna call you cordy just to simplify it because there's two robbs
Uh, right right in my line of view. Is there somebody is there a Armenian like
Fame favorite person from listening to the show from the past that is not present boy. Well the last two times I've been on
It was Goldberg. I called out. I called him out and he wasn't there
You got here. He is and that lived up to all my expectations
and he's here
Dave Kline we're like best friends by this point
Um, boy, who else is there jane never met jane jane is very sad. She could james here last week
She was here last night. She just landed back, uh, new york. I think yeah, shit
That's uh, we've talked a lot about the past of Harmontown
But now here to talk about what you can look forward to in the future. It's a great dream
Is it Harmontown programming president, uh, steve levy
Hey everybody
What uh, what are we talking about it's it's it's it's it's say, uh, uh
Harmontowns had the had its biggest year yet, but it's not going to stop there
This is all true though. Uh, and Harmontowns had its biggest year yet, and it's not going to stop there
Yes
Yes, thank you Schrab
The fourth the fourth quarter of 2016 promises bigger shows bigger audiences and bigger events. Yes
300 increase in stammering
More syllables percents
This is all true the fourth quarter of 2016 is gonna, you know, we're gonna have lots of god
I don't know you guys could have we're gonna fill a lot of seats. Well, if it's true just say the truth
Yeah, I mean, it's definitely I mean
We're going to a lot of places this year. We're gonna be in some huge venues like crazy like what internationally
Yeah, what are you talking about steve? I'm talking about uh, can we say that we're gonna be in canada? I mean we didn't sign
I think anyway, we say that we're gonna be in the vatican
On a sunday
How do we get the vatican on sunday? You know how hard
it is
You got a bucket at advance
You know how you get to the vatican
Oh, no, oh no practice at fucking children. All right. No, no
We'll be in canada montreal first then toronto september
I think we could and then this christmas season and then christmas season
Then probably probably papers aren't signed, but we're working real hard on it. Uh
Our very first canoga park show
is real
We're going on a kibitz
A kibitz no actually get excited, uh, australia
And look look under your seats everybody has a plane ticket
You
You you're gonna play a ticket
You vegemite be coming to with us
also a lot of
A lot of our ozzy
Harmonians were listening and they were very mad about the fact that koalas aren't bears and that nobody drinks fosters there
There's is there are big bears the marsupials. I'm still calling them bears. I don't get a marsupial bear
Everybody knows they're marsupials. I didn't know that you couldn't be a marsupial bear
I kept the thing of marsupial is like a cat like a quality
But of course, it's probably like a it's a family now or something. It's like uh, it's a whole bit
Gangaroo bears too. What are you gonna do? You're you're the other side of the world
But there's come get me. There's marsupial mammals of all kinds of like, you know
I mean look at the difference between those guys. You can't blame me. It's not like they all look the same marsupials things with
Yeah, you got a point. Yeah, thank you
They're vicious koalas are vicious down there. I hear
Vicious also, they don't cut it with them. They don't put shrimps on the barbie. They put prawns on them
Do they put anything on a barbie? Did they call it a barbie? Are you Ozzy?
A little bit now. Do you say barbie or is that does that even too ridiculous?
You say barbie
prawns
Yeah, there you are
You know, I love about
The australians and the english get away with this when you say like, I know a guy we would say
Oh, I know this guy
I mean you can get away with that on tv
That's one thing that's one thing that's one thing the other thing is
You say like, oh, I know this guy's he's we would say he's named derrick
And you would say he's called derrick like he's called derrick
I would I would love to be able to say that
You you just did
No, but as an example, but I can't just say that normally right well because people would go
What do you think? Yeah, that would be an affectation like they would they would they would well
They would sense some kind of strange other meaning. Well, it would be and I would be affecting it right to they'd be right
You called them a cunt like you would be saying a different thing depending on where you were I'd be
It is it can be what the the c-word. Yeah, you guys what are you called?
Yeah, it's like it's like it's like it's just funny
It's kind of like what like like we've managed to co-opt bitch into like you can say it misogynistically
But you but bitch can also just be like yeah, like you can use it more innocently. I think the c-word you could say
Everywhere but america they're more comfortable. It's like it's like a little rugby doll
My seven-year-old my seven-year-old daughter is just like she really is a great cunt. She's
Speaking of cunt
No, that's fuck you guys
No, cool
No, you forced me into that
You forced me into that and that was a cheap joke and I take it back
But you still laughed
Um
My daughter's obsessed with uh curse words right now. She's obsessed with it and the other night she was like
uh, you know
Me and my wife were there and given put her to bed and you're like, you know, we if we have thoughts in our head
We think something in our head. It's okay
I'm like, yes, you she knows it's a simulation
That's what I'm getting at. That's what I'm getting at
She's like, yes, you can think anything you want
You can think anything but you just can't say certain things like the f word
And we're like, yeah, that's right. That's right. You can't you can't say the f word
You just can't say it's rude and she's like
But you can think it
You're like, yeah, you can think it. She's like, for instance, I'm thinking it right now
I'm thinking it when I say it's lugal heart. Yeah, and today she just said, you know, dad daddy the the the worst
curse word is the
mf
Because yeah, that's a really bad one
But I was like when she said that I was like, oh, she has no idea about the c word
She she's never even had the kids in her school don't even haven't even been exposed to that word yet
Yeah, wait until she learns the other boy. It's like just counting the minutes
If you if you hang out with it with Aussies or Keeley's or like or the brits, you know, I think from uk like like
See where it's like every it's like it's like it's pepper
Yeah
They put it on everything. It's the best. Yeah. Yeah, it's like it's like that HP sauce they use it's like the same thing
Yeah, just give me some
HP in Australia. It's delicious. Uh, yeah, it's funny that you see your kid
Like she she's learning about societal hypocrisy. Now she's gonna unlearn it and by the time she's like 15 or something
Like like like we get brainwashed by society. Yeah, she'll be like like we're all geniuses when we're two
Like we know everyone's full of shit. That's why we're stressing like
The whole the lesson is like you can think whatever you want in your head. Yeah, like it has nothing to do with curse words
She's just having fun with it. She's just like isn't that funny?
Like like 20 years from now. She's she's not even gonna it's just like isn't that the reason I want to kill myself
Because all of society is based on thinking one thing and saying another and it's fucking it's spiral until you die
Like like and right now she's like that seems fun. I'll do that for 70 years and you're like you have no idea
It's gonna it's gonna drive you insane
You're gonna like language is going to lose all meaning to you and and and connection will become
A miracle it will become something that acts happens accidentally
Uh, and uh, yeah and is abused Harmon. That's what I feel like. Sorry. She was getting that
Oh, well two or two things. Uh, Cordray, uh, Jane our friend just texted me and said hello, and she loves she loves you
Oh, hi tell her I said, uh, well you can tell her yourself look on the camera and hi Jane
Also our friend Callie Fantecchio. Are you here Callie?
No, I got a text where she she just sent me the Harmon alarm song on the loop if you want this
Do you want to give it one more crack?
All right, well, just play it for a couple then let me see if I can because I don't think I I don't think I
I don't think it's working though. I need to I need to really figure it out and I don't think it's
I think it's it's like I hear a different one in my head because I'm listening to it. I'm like it doesn't work
But it doesn't you know what it's not gonna work. I'm crying
Oh, oh, she's singing it. Oh, it's all right. Let's start it again
Shut up. All right. Oh shit. Just Jane. Sorry, Jane. Don't don't shut up
I'm sleeping while you're sleeping. I'm snooping while you're pooping. I'm sneaking while you're tooting
I'm touching all your boopings. I'm crying while you're using I'm smiling while you're booping
I'm breathing while you're mooping. I'm dying while you're snoozing
Yeah, so gorgeous. Thank you, Callie. All right. Thank you Callie
um
That's my new alarm
You wake up to that
The thing is I'm gonna go I'm just gonna stay in bed and just keep listening to that
Hey, what was the elf song?
Uh way back. There was a song that he sang about I'm a
Fucking elf or something. Tay Dixon. Tay Dixon. Yes
Do you have that? I don't know. I mean
The tiny show promoter. I don't have it on here. Wake that up. That'll be a treat. Well, yeah, but I don't I mean
Tay Dixon. Yeah, but I don't I don't know that was a little highlight. Yeah. Well, I yeah, you had a good game that night
I I don't remember anything. I mean, we don't have to
We can I was playing the back
The other thing I want to
Come to the show and I'm three feet tall. I didn't do any show promoter and I'm three feet tall
That was a goodie
And I also vow that that this financial quarter before we do our next and within the next 200 episodes
I will also write lyrics to the popcorn song hot butter popcorn
Uh
I know it's just something like all all the all these kernels gotta pop
All this popcorn never stops when you've got the popcorn. You cannot stop corn and and something's like
Oh, I'm gonna figure it out. You cannot stop corn. Yeah, it's not just popcorn. It's the cannot stop corn. I like that
That's good. A lot to look forward to when you pop the popcorn. You cannot stop corn. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Why broom when you can mop the that's a stupid. All right, we'll figure it out, but it's going to take years
Yeah, uh, and since apparently there's only 50 episodes in a year. I got plenty of time
I think I'm almost certain I said this if I said it on the show it would have been a very long time ago
But you know, you're rapping when you're around around the house
Yeah, we're talking about this when you're cleaning the house
You're making a sandwich and you're rapping and you're doing it and it's also how much I have a game where how
Can I embarrass myself so much that I stopped doing it?
Where I'm actually ashamed that I'm watching
Uh, and if anybody else was watching I would have stopped a long time ago
But uh, there was one lyric when I was taking a shit
And I said I ate so much poop. I ate so much food. I could poop on a dude
That's pretty proud of that one. It made me laugh for a while
I remember when we were we were we were you were you were rapping on the car
We were doing the thing like I mean it was part of a larger thing and then you you were wrapped you were like
Well
Well, I like I like to eat poop. I eat it every day
Or if I like my poo poo, I'll eat it every day. And if you take my poo poo, this is what I'll say
I want my poo poo back. I want my poo poo back. I'm about to have a lack of poo poo heart attack
I'm about to have a lack of poo poo heart attack. All right. Well
Oh, I've got skills
Well, that was let's close our 200th episode and our and our
It's uh, uh, uh, and that's it with uh, with uh, with some kind of some kind of well, uh, exactly
high-risk high yield
Oh, yeah
This is an all skate. Oh, it's been good to you. Been good to you, baby
I'll make your body go
Yeah, make your body go
Yeah, I'll make your body go
I'll make your body go
Like a toy car
Until you hit the stars. I wind it up like a penny racer. I fucked you so hard that it wasn't a racer
It made you stop existing. We were in a simulation
I fucked you so hard you gave
Achievillation, I made you food. I made you PB and J
I fucked you so hard you turned into curds and way. You sat on a tuffet. Well, your name was Miss Muffet's
came down and everybody said but he said fuck it
You said mother goose trying to broom. I fucked your mama so hard. I made room in her womb
And then I went inside and saw myself
I put a china bowl up on a shelf. I'm a collector of rare antiquities
I fucked your mama so hard
through three titties
for her
But I'm myself
I'm a clone
projects
In a sci-fi movie that takes place in the near future
Let me start over
It's gonna be so long since you lay your body down. I don't know how long it's been. What about when I fuck you
It's gonna be in the morning
Every day until the break of dawn. My name is Tony. I'm your friend. I know
I'm here to the bitter end Tony. Don't be defensive. I always want to hang out with you
You are you're in the studio. Yeah, but when I'm not working and interrupting your songs
You never called me. We're busy
Um, I'm obviously an analog for Rob's job. I know the metaphor is pretty thin
I'm over here. I just want some of your attention
But do you want my respect or is ESP?
I forgot how to spell it. You can't spell respect. It's spelled in a famous song
And it's not that hard a word and it's also spelled in a famous song
Yo, yo, Tony, take it easy
Saying that never makes people take it easy
All right, take it easy
It's it's a tick
Finally you admit you have problems too
Yeah
I've been back in the day. I used to miss you, but now I miss you in a different way when I'm going from town to town
And I'm on tour start to feel for the old days. You know that this suit is your it tastes so good in my mouth
The deconstructed boys pea soup is from the south
Make it changing. They put black peas in it. I don't even want to do it. I'm on my knees swimming
I'm asking you why am I at the bottom of this or maybe baby want to come on me to the piss of the toilet
The most people in Harmontown we're here to say that
Only one great rap song can be in the same show
Wait, no, give it a chance. It's gonna get good. It's gonna get good
A way of contest wouldn't a great rap right now have taken away from the glory of the greater rap
It's in the first act of our show
Spittin bad science, spittin chemistry, spittin chemistry, spittin an orchard, spittin an orchard, spittin a field, spittin how I work, spittin how I feel
When we were children we would see a lightning bug flying through the park
And you would capture that lightning bug and you would say mommy daddy look
I'd capture a lightning bug and they would say put it in a jar and you would say no. I want to let the lightning bug fly away
Fuck lightning bugs in a jar and the lightning bug would fly away and you'd say mother fuckers should have put that thing in a jar
I'm never gonna catch one again for the rest of my life
That's this rap right now
And we're gonna give it up for Dan Armin
200 episodes
Capture that lightning bug then capture the lightning bug
Let's go let's go. All right, everybody. Let's go Dan Armin
Lay it down. What's the greatest fucking raps ever. Steve Levy is actually hype-meeting you right now. He's actually doing it
Play the play the music and stop doing the bit about how bad the rap is. Play the music
It would only ever help. Everybody was telling me to stop it. I tried to help it out. All right
Okay, here we go. All right now hype man
All right, everybody one more time for Dan Armin. Let's go. This motherfucker's gonna lay down some crazy raps
Sky, floor, walls, ceiling
Emotions, our feelings, nose, our synonyms
Salt, pepper, cinnamon
Put it on your soup, put it on your pizza, put it everywhere where you think it needs a bit of spice
It wouldn't be nice if you're in the kitchen cooking twice, cooking three times, four times more
Now you've cooked a total of ten times. S'mores, hot chocolate with marshmallow
I fucked your mama and she said hello. I said you did that in the wrong order
You're supposed to greet me before I border with you
She said border with me. I said yeah, she said okay put a pin in it. I said okay
I'm gonna go outside
So I went outside and I saw a dog. I took it up a tree and cut down a log
The dog died because the tree fell down
And I buried it and then I frowned
I read the bible. I saw the light. I took your mama outside
But tonight I bought her dinner. I bought her soup. I told your mama I have to poop
I went to the bathroom. I defecated. I came outside and I said I hated pooping. She said why?
I said it hurt. She said I should take you to a doctor. I said word
She took me all the way downtown. The doctor said for you now my heart said you're gonna die
I said why? He said MRI. We're gonna find out why. We're gonna look at your eye
We'll look at my retina. You said you got cancer. I said what did I do?
He said you're a dancer. You dance too hard. Your feet went into your heart
You're a little, I did I got you so far. I said what? I said what? Slow down. You're talking too fast. He said I'm a doctor
My words don't last. I said they're almost changing the lexicon of the of the of the diagnostic manual
Man, I said let's go down. I'm out of breath. He said that's why you're gonna die to death
And I said I'm gonna die to death. He said yeah, it's a bread. I said I ate some bread and I died. Now I'm dead
I went to heaven. There was a simulation. I saw God and I said hey, what was I was what were you doing?
And he said whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, don't come up at me like that. I said I'm sorry. I didn't try
He said I'm God. G-O-D. I've created the earth. You're welcome from me
I made the pearly gaze to keep you out. So you gotta go back down. You got no clap
St. Peter is here to keep your ass on the other side. I said fuck him. I tell his ass gets real wide
And then I did it and I went inside and I was inside of St. Peter. It was like a robot suit
So then I got inside heaven, but I didn't get invited. I was walking around
And like I was very excited because I was like Iron Man, but I had St. Peter for a body
And I took off my halo and I threw it and it was a weapon and you can do it
It'll it'll come back to you like thorns shield and I bet you didn't know a halo could be wielded
But I did it and I went to hell and I killed the devil and I said well
Now there's no dichotomy between good and bad
So now we can all go back to earth and stop being sad. We can plant trees and recycle our food
Not sure I don't really have a plan of action after ending dichotomy
200 episodes. One, two, three. 200 episodes. You've all done with me. 200 episodes. Four, five, six.
200 episodes. Full of balls and dicks. We've been through it. We've got on to the other side.
We've learned things. We've learned of races. Why? We've learned of misogynist. I go over that.
I've made friends with lesbians and I can't even top that.
Now I'm friends with everybody. I used to be a fat white person. Now I'm somebody.
I'm a kid but I'm woke. I'm going to cry and then choke.
Everybody. I'm going to cry and then I'm going to choke. 200 episodes. 200 episodes.
Thank you for coming to Heartland Town, everybody. Thank you for coming along this journey with us.
Thank you, Steve Levy, Ntiai, Rob Schaus, Spencer Katelyn, and Adam Goldberg, Harry Forster, Jack McKeever.
Dave Kline, everybody on the Hot Cues. Let's hear it for Rob Corddry, everybody.
I'm Jeff Davis. Dan Harmon, you're here.
You found the lightning button. Thank you very much. All right.
200 more now and see you in 2019. I mean, we'll see you every week for the rest of our lives.
Try fast and take chance.